feat: Improve pytket worker and docs (#203)
CQCL/tierkreis: docs/source/worker/external_workers.md

# External Workers

Tierkreis does not put any restrictions on workers except the general [contract](../executors/overview.md).
This means that you can also write workers in your preferred language and interface it with Tierkreis.
To use the worker in tierkreis you can do two things:

- Describe the interface using a subset of [TypeSpec](https://typespec.io) to generate stubs for your worker
- Define an executor, although for most cases if you can run your code as a commandline script, the [ShellWorker](../executors/shell.md) should be sufficient.

For full example without stubs you can have a look at the `signing_graph.py` exmaple.

## IDL

> A TypeSpec defines the inputs and outputs of the tasks in your workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A TypeSpec file can be used to define the inputs and outputs of the tasks in your workers.
```

Tierkreis is restricted to a subset of the full specification:

- Interfaces: defining the available tasks in your worker
- Models: to define the types of the task in- and outputs
  Additionally, you may use the `@portmapping` decorator on models to indicate tasks with multiple outputs.

For example you could define the following interface in `namespace.tsp`

```tsp
@portmapping
model Person {
  name: string;
  age: uint8;
}

model Dog{
  name: string;
  color: string;
}

@portmapping
model Creature<T> {
  name: string;
  t: T;
}
interface TestNamespace {
  foo(age: integer, name: string): Person;
  bar(): Dog;

>   baz<T>(c: Creature<T>): Creatur<T>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  baz<T>(c: Creature<T>): Creature<T>;
```

}
```

From which you could generate stubs.
This is currently only available through a python script:

```py
# /// script
# requires-python = ">=3.12"
# dependencies = ["tierkreis"]
# ///

import logging
from pathlib import Path
import shutil
import subprocess
from tierkreis.codegen import format_namespace, Namespace

def write_stubs(namespace: Namespace, stubs_path: Path) -> None:
    with open(stubs_path, "w+") as fh:
        fh.write(format_namespace(namespace))

    ruff_binary = shutil.which("ruff")
    if ruff_binary:
        subprocess.run([ruff_binary, "format", stubs_path])
        subprocess.run([ruff_binary, "check", "--fix", stubs_path])
    else:
        logging.warning("No ruff binary found. Stubs will contain raw codegen.")

if __name__ == "__main__":
    namespace = Namespace.from_spec_file(
        Path("<path to your spec file>")
    )

>     write_stubs(namespace, Path("<path to the generated stubs>"))

Reviewer: Maybe slightly quicker to do something like this.

```python
namespace = Namespace.from_spec_file(tsp_path)
worker = Worker("your_worker_name")
worker.namespace = namespace
worker.write_stubs(tsp_path.parent / "stubs.py")
```

Reviewer: But still I've put a task on the backlog to move the `write_stubs` method to Namespace.

Author: I was thinking about the adding the cli but I think there are more pressing issues
